which of the following are prohibited by lumens Anti corruption policy , select all that apply


"a) an agreement to hire a CEO spouse in exchange for the award of business",
"b) misrepresentation of an expense report to improve the appereance of high value courtesis provides to a customer representaion",
"c) a business launch with a prospective enterprise customer to overview how our services may add value", XXXX
"d) a small facilitaion payment to a goverment agency to expedite the issurence of work permit",
"e) a cash payment made by our vendor to goverment official in exchange for contract award".


while classic from the bribery includes a cash payment exchange for a benifit, bribery may occur in other forms. which of the following 
include corrupt behaviours that violate lumen anti corruption policy?

"a) a partner that offers to pay for your lunch after a meeting to discuss business at a value of aproximately $30 USD", XXXX
"b) your peer aggres to hire a customer's brother-in-law in exchange for getting a deal closed by quarter end",
"c) a consultant paid by goverment customer offers to promote our services to their client , in exchange of small fee", 
"d) during an open RFP, a supplier let you know thay have made a donation to your favourite non profit, in case that helps sway your decision".
"e) ".


lumen business courtisies policy sets fouth rules for the offer and acceptance of coutisies , such as gifts, meals or entertainment .
which of the following statement about our business courtisies policies are true? select all that apply.

"a) a courtisy of any value offerd to a goverment official or public employee must be pre-approved by  Ethics and Compliance	",
"b) Business courtises that are lavish, such as first class flights, should never be offered or accepted ",
"c) The exchange of cash never an acceptable courtesy", 
"d) A decision maker should not accept courtises for any value from the supplier during an open RFP or bidding period",
"e) Business courtises can never be bribes". XXXX


please check this Question----
The  Business courtises policy contains rule for gift exchanged with third parties, value limitations , and threshold amount require pre approval.
which of the following  are true under Business courtises policy? select all that apply.  

"a) Meals entertainment from a single source should not exceed $150 USD per person, per instance, or $300 per calendar year",
"b) Failure to adhere to this policy may be business courtesy violation, but never a bribe",  XXXX
"c) Exception to the value requirement 	must be approved in accordance with business courtisies policy  with all courtisies with value of $150 USD or above per person require pre-approved by  Ethics and Compliance",
"d) business courtisies policy applies to all courtisies exchange with third party, includes business launches, events, conference and sponsership",
"e) Gift from single source should generally not exceed $150 USD or above per person,per instance, or $3150 per person,per year ".  XXXX

which of the following scenario violate lumen anti corruption Policy ? select all that apply.

"a) A vendors offers you a direct personal payment in exchange of awarding their company a contract",
"b) An account represntative records an entertainment event as a customer "site view" ",
"c) A customer agrees to a close a deal by month end if lumen donates a large sum to calrity on whose board they are a member", 
"d) During an open bidding period , a vendor offers an all expenses paid gateway to the decision maker and their spouse to think about their decision",
"e) A prospective supplier invites you to a networking event, which include complimentry food and bevrages to all the attendees".  XXXX


you noticed that a partner has been added to a direct customer account. After further research you cannot find any further documentation showing that
the customer requesed a partener , or that a partener was involved in selling a services. when confront the account representative , he admitted that
the partner asked to be tagged on custoer deal with exchange for partner sharing some of his compensation with the account representative and sending 
future business his way.The account representative offers to include you in the deal in exchange for keeping quiet. what should you do ?


"a) Talk account representative that doesnt happen again .This particular customer doesnt know ,and it wont hurt them",XXXX
"b) Talk to couple peers and your manager to see what they think, if they are comfortable with the situation, there is no need to escalate",XXXX
"c) Report this conduct to the intrigrity line. The account representative accepted a kickbak in violation of The Anti corruption policy and 
volate other company policies through this action". 


Bribery risks highlited when dealing with the public sector. which of the following include government entities , Government officials or 
public employees for purpose fo bribery rules? select all apply	


"a) A student at public institution", XXXX
"b) a director of non profit agency",  XXXX
"c) A congresswoman", 
"d) An IT manager for state university",
"e) A manager with a country department of Transportation",
"f) A public K-12 school board members".


your team is working on a potential contract for service with local public university.you ae exited to work with this team and would like to provide
a gesture of goodwill. which of the following is an appopritate under Lumen policies ?


"a) If there is no open RFP, you send each university employee $10 gift card , because its low value",  XXXX
"b) If there is open RFP, you can only make donation to the university scolarship foundation instead of making donation to the university directly", XXXX
"c) Regardless of wheather there is an  open RFP, it is never appopriate to offer goverment employees anything of value", XXXX 
"d) Regardless of wheather there is an  open RFP, and regardless of value , always seek pre-approval from Ethiscs & Compliance prior to offering 
   courtesy to a government customer".


which of the following includes violation of Anti corruption policy and potential books and record violations for the foreign corrupt practice act(FCPA)?
select all they apply



"a) advising an employee who made facilitaion payment or kick back the record it as a "sales and marketing fee" to avoid facing negative repercussion",
"b) Treating a government customer to a lavish meal and listing a different person as a recipient of the meals in your expense report",
"c) Accurately recording expenses, and reproting any potential 	policy violation associate with those expenses",  XXXX
"d) intentionally failing to submit an itimized reciept and adding fake "attendee"name to an expense report to cover up business Courtise policy violation".
"e) ".


which of the following are red flags for corruption when dealing with third party? select all they apply

"a) a supplier request payment to an offshore bank account",
"b) a supplier refuses to agree in writing to comply with Anti corruption law",
"c) a supplier has no relevant business experience in the industry", 
"d) A partner company refuses to disclose its ownership information as a part of deligence review",
"e) a supplier offers fair pricing and competative terms".




"a) ",
"b) ",
"c) ", 
"d) ",
"e) ".



"a) ",
"b) ",
"c) ", 
"d) ",
"e) ".






"a) ",
"b) ",
"c) ", 
"d) ",
"e) ".





"a) ",
"b) ",
"c) ", 
"d) ",
"e) ".





